Big Fatty, come back quickly, something big happened at home.
What's the matter? Tell me. What will you do if you are not in Mark?
Can explain clearly. Can't tell clearly,
Just don't tell me why you're crying. You have a crying voice, right?
Ah, come back quickly.
Okay, I'll be right back.
be right back. Come here, give me breakfast.
Let’s talk about this another day. Big fat,
What are you doing for such a long week? Let Xianzi have a long meal.
Yes, those two keys you mentioned
Give me 10,000 yuan for the thread you have already taken.
My daughter-in-law is waiting for me to buy her three pounds
You said you wouldn’t give me the money
How to buy it for her?
I've packed it for you. I'll give it to you.
You make me fat
You, can you help me or not? What on earth are you doing?
My character hasn't even slept yet
What should I give you?
What to do
Several kings were beaten to death
I told you
Even if you don’t sleep regularly
You have to give me your money, otherwise
Why did you give me your money?
Steal it for you